## Interacting with Copilot in the Chat pane
Try the following prompts in the Copilot Chat pane
1. Load data
   - `Load heartdata as a dataframe called heart`
2. Summarize the dataset
   - `Tell me more about the heart dataset. Explain in plain text, do not create any code`  
3. Generate a visualization of interest
   - `Show me a histogram for the distribution of age`
4. Further data exploration and visualization guided by Copilot
   - `What more data exploration and visualization can I do?`
5. Data Cleansing
   - `Analyze what empty values are present in the dataframe`
## In-Cell copilot commands 
Run each of the following commands in a new blank cell

6. Chat interaction
    ```
    %%chat
    Explain in plain text what the different options to drop missing values are. Do not create any code.
7. Code generation
    ```
    %%code
    Drop all rows with any missing values
## Modyfing existing cells
Add the following code to a new cell below the latest code generated by Copilot. 
```
data_df1 = cleaned_spark_df
obj = data_df1select_dtypes(include='object')
not_obj = data_df1.select_dtypes(exclude='object')
for i in range(0, obj.shape[1]):
  obj.iloc[:,i] = lab.fit_transform(obj.iloc[:,i])
df_new = pd.concat([obj, not_obj], axis=1)
df_new.head(10)
```
Click on the copilot button in the cell options. Try each of the following commands

8. `/explain`
   
9. `/add_comments`
    
10. `/fix`
    
11. `/optimize`

## Training a Machine learning model
Through the previous steps, Copilot helped us understand our dataset and shape the data for machine learning. Use the following prompts, either in new cells or on the chat pane, to train a model.

12. Asking for an adequate model (%%chat if on cell)
  - `With df_new being our final version of the data, what machine learning models do you recommend to predict the likelyhood of heart failure? Explain in plain text, do not create any code.`
13. Asking about the steps to train a model (%%chat)
  - `What are the steps to train a logistic regression model?`
14. Training the model according to the steps (data preparation has already been done) (%%code)
  - `Generate the code for splitting the data, training the model and evaluating the model`
15. Making sense of the scores obtained by the model (%%chat)
  - `Tell me more about the ROC-AUC score. What does it mean? Why is it significant? In this case, is it good or bad?`
